> Note: To utilize Fuflillment Group Item Strategies, you must be using the new Broadleaf workflows. Learn more about [[migrating to the new order service workflows | 1.6 to 2.0 Order Service Migration]]. If you have configured your system to use the legacy cart and order services, this section does not apply to you.

First, you may want to become familiar with the new fulfillment group item strategies. You can learn more about that on the [[cart operations page | Cart Operations]].

Next, you must decide whether or not you want the system to attempt to maintain your fulfillment group items. If you do in fact want to use the new default strategy, no configuration is necessary. However, you will need to ensure that your code is not attempting to create and remove fulfillment groups and fulfillment group items on its own. If it is, you're likely going to run into issues.

If you do not want to use the new default fulfillment group item strategy, you can configure your application to use the null strategy, which will not do anything on add or update. Note however, that it will in fact remove fulfillment group items when order items are removed from your cart as this is a database imposed constraint.

To use the null strategy, you will simply need to define the following bean in your `applicationContext.xml` file.

```xml
<bean id="blFulfillmentGroupItemStrategy" class="org.broadleafcommerce.core.order.strategy.NullFulfillmentGroupItemStrategyImpl" />
```

That's it! When the workflow triggers the fulfillment group item strategy, the null one will be used instead of the default strategy.
