## Migrating to the new workflow pattern

If possible, we recommend leveraging this pattern as it is much more customizable and leads to providing self-contained units of work. If you choose this route, your configuration will resemble the following.

> Note: By default, using the workflow pattern will also affect Fulfillment Group Items. Please see the [[fulfillment group strategy migration notes | 1.6 to 2.0 Fulfillment Group Item Strategy Migration]] for more information.

First, you need to override a certain workflow. In this example, we'll override `blAddItemWorkflow`. You would likely also want to override the update cart and remove item workflows. To do this, we will copy the default workflow from Broadleaf and put it in our `applicationContext.xml` so that we are able to modify the activities within. 

```xml
<bean id="blAddItemWorkflow" class="org.broadleafcommerce.core.workflow.SequenceProcessor">
    <property name="processContextFactory">
        <bean class="org.broadleafcommerce.core.order.service.workflow.CartOperationProcessContextFactory"/>
    </property>
    <property name="activities">
        <list>
            <bean class="org.broadleafcommerce.core.order.service.workflow.add.ValidateAddRequestActivity"/>
            <bean class="org.broadleafcommerce.core.order.service.workflow.CheckAvailabilityActivity"/>
            <bean class="org.broadleafcommerce.core.order.service.workflow.add.AddOrderItemActivity"/>
            <bean class="org.broadleafcommerce.core.order.service.workflow.add.AddFulfillmentGroupItemActivity"/>
            <bean class="org.broadleafcommerce.core.order.service.workflow.VerifyFulfillmentGroupItemsActivity"/>
        </list>
    </property>
    <property name="defaultErrorHandler" ref="blSilentErrorHandler"/>
</bean>
```

> You can find the default workflows in the following place in the Broadleaf codebase: `core/broadleaf-framework/src/main/resources/bl-framework-applicationContext-workflow.xml`

Next, you will want to evaluate whether the new default activities make sense in your application. We recommend not removing any activities unless you have an explicit need to do so.

Finally, you will want to determine if you need to create any additional activities to handle your specific business logic. We've provided [[a tutorial on creating activities | Add To Cart Workflow For Heat Clinic Tutorial]] for your reference.

## Using the legacy order services

- Any classes that extend `OrderService` or `CartService` must be updated to extend the legacy versions

- You must tell Broadleaf that you want to use the legacy services by overriding the `blOrderService` bean. This is done in the same way normal [[service extension | Extending Services]] happens, by placing the following line in your `applicationContext.xml` file:

```xml
<bean id="blOrderService" class="org.broadleafcommerce.core.order.service.legacy.LegacyCartServiceImpl" />
```

> Note: If you are extending `LegacyCartServiceImpl`, you should instead use the fully qualified name of your class.

