## Solr Configuration Changes

With the release of Broadleaf 2.2.0, we have upgraded to Solr 4.0.0 and enhanced the index building and rebuilding methods. 

> Note: This migration note also applies to 2.0.6 and 2.1.2, as this change was backported to those releases.

### Applies to both embedded and standalone users

1. To take advantage of the improved Lucene engine in Solr 4.0.0, you will want to update the `luceneMatchVersion` flag in `solrconfig.xml` from `LUCENE_36` to `LUCENE_40`.

2. Some handlers have been deprecated. In `solrconfig.xml`, remove the `/update/javabin` handler and change the `/update` handler to `<requestHandler name="/update" class="solr.UpdateRequestHandler" />`

3. There was a line omitted from previous versions of the Broadleaf demo site `schema.xml` that was identified as a bug. Below the `fields` element, you will want to add 

    `<uniqueKey>id</uniqueKey>`

### Applies to embedded users only

1. The location of the `solrhome` directory will now default to your system's temp directory if the constructor-arg in the definition of `solrEmbedded` is set to `solrhome`. If the value is set to something else, it will be treated as the path to the solrhome directory.

2. Broadleaf now rebuilds the Solr index on a separate core and performs a core hotswap once that is done. For users of the embedded Solr, this is done automatically and requires no additional configuration.

### Applies to standalone users only

1. Broadleaf now supports building the Solr index on a separate core and performing a core hotswap once that is done. If you do not change any configuration, this will not occur. To utilize this new functionality, you will need to update your `blSearchService` bean declaration to utilize the two-argument constructor as seen below:

    ```xml
    <bean id="blSearchService" class="org.broadleafcommerce.core.search.service.solr.SolrSearchServiceImpl">
        <constructor-arg name="solrServer" ref="${solr.source}" />
        <constructor-arg name="reindexServer" <your-configuration-here> />
    </bean> 
    ```
    
    If you do utilize the new hotswapping functionality, note that your `solr.xml` file must specify 2 cores, one named `primary` and one named `reindex`. For example, it might look like this:

    ```xml
    <solr persistent="true" sharedLib="lib">
        <cores adminPath="/admin/cores"> 
            <core name="primary" instanceDir="core0dir"/>
            <core name="reindex" instanceDir="core1dir"/>
        </cores>
    </solr>
    ```
    

